Bagpipes, Disguise Kit, Drum, Dulcimer, Thieves' Tools, Viol

Darkvision :You can see in darkness up to 60 ft.

Hellish Resistance
You have resistance to fire damage.

Bardic Inspiration: As a bonus action, a creature within 60 ft. that can hear you gains an inspiration die (1d8). For 10 minutes, the creature can add it to one ability check, attack roll, or saving throw. This can be added after seeing the roll, but before knowing the outcome. 

Enthralling Performance: Once per short rest, you can choose +5 creatures that watched and listened to you perform for 1 minute. Each target makes a WIS saving throw (16 and is charmed if it fails for 1 hour, or until it takes any damage, you attack it, or it sees you attack or damage its allies.

Mantle of Majesty: Once per long rest as a bonus action, you cast command, without expending a spell slot. For 1 minute or until your concentration ends, you can cast command as a bonus action on each of your turns, without expending a spell slot. Creatures charmed by this ability automatically fail saving throws against the command you cast with this feature.

Countercharm: As an action, you can perform until the end of your next turn. During that time, you and any friendly creatures within 30 ft. that can hear you gain advantage on saving throws against being frightened or charmed.

Mantle of Inspiration: As a bonus action, spend one use of Bardic Inspiration to grant temporary HP to a number of creatures (up to +5) you can see and that can see you within 60 ft. Each creature can immediately use its reaction to move up to its speed, without provoking opportunity attacks.

Temporary HP: [3rd] 5, [5th] 8, [10th] 11, [15th] 14 
Sneak Attack: Once per turn, you can deal an extra {{scalevalue}} damage to one creature you hit with an attack with a finesse or ranged weapon if you have advantage on the attack roll. You don’t need advantage on the attack roll if another enemy of the target is within 5 ft. of it, that enemy isn’t incapacitated, and you don’t have disadvantage on the attack roll. 

ActorPHB165
You gain +1 CHA, you have advantage on Deception and Performance checks when trying to pass yourself off as a different person, and you can mimic the speech of another person or the sounds made by other creatures that you have heard (for at least 1 minute).

Rouge:

Expertise
Your proficiency bonus is doubled for any ability check you make for two chosen proficiencies. [6th] Choose two additional proficiencies.

  * Stealth
  * Thieves' Tools

Sneak Attack 1d6
Once per turn, you can deal an extra 1d6 damage to one creature you hit with an attack with a finesse or ranged weapon if you have advantage on the attack roll. You don’t need advantage on the attack roll if another enemy of the target is within 5 ft. of it, that enemy isn’t incapacitated, and you don’t have disadvantage on the attack roll.

Sneak Attack: (No Action)
Thieves’ Cant
You have learned thieves’ cant, a secret mix of dialect, jargon, and code that allows you to hide messages in seemingly normal conversation. It takes four times longer to convey such a message than it does to speak the same idea plainly.

